---
title: 20230824 - ver.0.2 [CODE Nuclear]
weight: 1022
---
{{< color-block style="error" >}}
Just a moment ago,
On August 24, 2023, at 12:00 PM (UTC+8)</br>
The Japanese government officially released nuclear-contaminated water into the sea...</br>
The shadow of Covid-19 has yet to disperse, and humanity is once again facing another threat to life.</br></br>

In works of art, those truths repeatedly interpreted and the consequences repeatedly depicted,</br>
Yet in the real world, they continue to be verified and replayed.</br>
Throughout history, the greatest harm to humanity has often come from humanity itself.</br>
When will people finally learn from history's lessons...</br></br>
{{< bilibili BV14u4y1i7Xu >}}
{{< /color-block >}}

###### DONE
- Configured _index.md to point to the home page.
- Set different navibar: title for different pages.
- Added Article, Projects, and About pages.
- Added a profile picture.
- Changed the blog domain name.
- Added the \themes\hugo-theme-monochrome\i18n\zh-cn.toml file to optimize support for Simplified Chinese.
- Addressed issues:
    - Issue 1: Disappearance of the list of posts directory page in `list` type after adding additional content (while the author's demo page displays correctly).
      - Solution 1: `[list_layout] enable_pagination = false`
    - Issue 2: The `static/favicon.ico` not displaying.
    - Issue 3: Default theme color value `dark` not taking effect.
      - Solutions 2 and 3: These seem to be related to the local hugo server and don't affect the online page.
- English support is complete, achieving a bilingual blog!
- Completed the `layout\shortcodes\bilibili.html` for embedding Bilibili videos.
- After retesting, it's apparent that `.org` files can largely replace `.md` files, and the features of the Hugo framework allow for a combination of both.
    
###### TODO
- Google Analytics
- Disqus