---
title: About This Site
weight: 1
search_hidden: true
toc: false
---
This site is a non-profit personal knowledge and experience sharing website. It is built with Hugo, deployed on Vercel, and uses the Monochrome theme. Currently, it is independently operated by the webmaster, Limewolf (Nicolas Lai).

##### Disclaimer
This site is licensed under the[Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

The site upholds the spirit of the open, equal, collaborative, and sharing internet. I aim to provide you with an ad-free and barrier-free browsing experience. The webmaster, under the CC BY-NC-SA 4.0 license, allows the reproduction and derivative works of articles, works, images<sup>*2*</sup>, and other content **authored by the webmaster**<sup>*1*</sup> on this site, as long as the source is credited and it is for non-commercial purposes.

*Note 1: For content quoted or reproduced from other sources in the articles on this site, please adhere to the original author's copyright requirements; </br>Note 2: The webmaster's profile picture on this site is a privately commissioned artwork and is strictly prohibited from being used for unauthorized or impersonation purposes.*

If I unintentionally infringe upon your legal rights, please do not hesitate to contact me.（mail: [limewolf.top@outlook.com](maitto:limewolf.top@outlook.com)）。

##### Rules
1. **Compliance with Laws and Regulations**：The primary prerequisite for participating in any interactions on this site, quoting, or using the site's content is compliance with the relevant laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China.
2. **Mutual Learning**：This website is a platform for knowledge sharing. Let's learn and grow together.
3. **Respect for Others**：Please respect the viewpoints of other visitors and bloggers. Even if you disagree with their opinions, please express your own in a polite manner.
4. **Civil Language**：Use civilized language and expression. Avoid the use of rude, offensive, or insulting language.
5. **Avoid Malicious Behavior**：Any form of malicious behavior, including insults, threats, or invasions of privacy, is prohibited.
6. **No Advertising or Spam**： Please refrain from posting irrelevant advertisements, spam messages, or meaningless comments. Keep your contributions related to the topic.
7. **Compliance with Copyright Regulations**：Ensure that your comments or any shared content do not infringe on copyrights. When quoting content from others, provide proper attribution.
8. **Respect for Personal Privacy**： Respect the privacy of individuals. Do not publicly disclose or spread the personal information of others in comments.
9.The website owner reserves the right to remove inappropriate comments or content that violates these guidelines.