---
title: About Me
weight: 0
search_hidden: true
toc: false
---

On September 5, 2023,
In the afternoon, after watching "OPPENHEIMER" at the cinema and returning home,  
Now, the lingering effects of the film are still in my mind, like the radiation after a nuclear explosion, lingering and not dissipating.

When a neutron collides with an atomic nucleus, causing a chain reaction like a bursting dam;  
When personal ideals and responsibilities are challenged by the realities and the baseline of human nature;  
When the bridges between humans are blurred by the fog called interests;  
When individuals are carried forward by the torrents of history;  
When the dark currents called politics continue to erode and even devour everything;  
The probability of an uncontrollable chain reaction, once nearly zero, becomes inevitable, and no one can escape.

**I am,**  
Loving and yearning for the curiosity and adventurous spirit of humanity exploring the unknown,  
Admiring and reverencing the mysterious scientific laws and natural truths used by the Creator,  
Enjoying but fearing the delicate balance and games between individuals pursuing differentiated interests and values,  
Respecting but loathing the tool called politics that drives the progress of human civilization in a rushing river.

-----
##### Tags

- Often inclined towards a scientific and engineering mindset, with occasional artistic inclinations, sometimes feeling in a quantum superposition.
- Composition of my neocortex: 40% romanticism + 35% realism + 15% idealism + 10% other impurities.
- Eager and trying to be friends with Limbic system.
- INFP-T: 54% Introverted + 68% Intuitive + 65% Feeling + 54% Prospecting + 56% Turbulent (Only representing today, September 6, 2023).
- Learning computer graphics.
- Graduated with a bachelor's degree from a Project 985 university in China.
- `[Past]` An instructor of STEAM course for K12, DT workshop & Fab workshop for schools and enterprises, based on digital manufacturing technology.
- `[Past]` Core member of social innovation projects/sci-tech projects.

-----

##### Hobbies and Interests 
*(Non-Exhaustive List, No Particular Order, Occasional Updated)*
###### Music & Songs
- [`群青`](https://music.163.com/song?id=1472480890) - YOASOBI
- [`再会`](https://music.163.com/song?id=1492062605) - LiSA / Uru
- [`冥き水底`](https://music.163.com/song?id=1391211268) - 祖堅正慶
- [`穏ヤカナ眠リ`](https://music.163.com/song?id=468490565) - 岡部啓一
- [`最重要的小事`](https://music.163.com/song?id=385905) - 五月天
- [`Blessing`](https://music.163.com/song?id=31234244) - V.A.
- [`Obstacles`](https://music.163.com/song?id=30496504) - Syd Matters
- [`Close in the Distance`](https://music.163.com/song?id=1923195180) - 祖堅正慶
- [`This Place Is a Shelter`](https://music.163.com/song?id=16139397) - Ólafur Arnalds
- [`Weight of the World/the End of YoRHa`](https://music.163.com/song?id=468490608) - J'Nique Nicole, 河野マリナ, and others

###### 书籍
- `Deep Work` Cal Newport
- `Atomic Habits` James Clear
- `What If` Randall Munroe
- `Steve Jobs` Walter Isaacson
- `the Design of Everyday Things` Donald Arthur Norman
- `世界现代设计史` 王受之 
- ~~Advanced Mathematics, Advanced Mathematics, Probability Theory and Mathematical Statistics~~ XD

###### 影视
- `OPPENHEIMER` `Knives Out` `The Wandering Earth` `The Wandering Earth 2` `Interstellar` `Inception`
- `UNNATURAL` `觉醒年代, The Awakeing Age` `狂飙, The Knockout` `Mr. Hiiragi's Homeroom` `Lie to Me`
- `Coco` 
- `The Legend of Luo Xiaohei` `Scissor Seven` `Made in Abyss` `呪術廻戦, Jujutsu Kaisen`
- `Man vs. Wild` `MythBusters` `Design あ` `亘古文明, Ancient Powers`

###### 游戏
- `Final Fantasy 14`：Story enthusiast, newbie mentor, casual player, light raid challenger, love its soundtrack.
- `Dead by Daylight`：Both hunter and human, enjoys the thrill of the game regardless of the outcome.
- `NieR: Automata`：Story enthusiast, praises Ending E (the [E]nd of YoRHa), love its soundtrack.
- `Metro` trilogy：Forever pays tribute to Colonel Miller.
- `Dead Cell`：Persistent shield parry practitioner.

###### 其他
- `Guitar` `Digital drawing` `Traveling`
- Singing X, Howling √
- Sweet sparkling wine
- resting on the windowsill to clear my mind

-----
##### About the Name "Limewolf"
In fact, this is my nickname for someone important.  
Because someone often goes missing, so I've taken on this identity.